We've been seeing ads for this thing for years, and you guys have even suggested making a video about it twice.
But come on!
Look at it. In a world where a top-of-the-line GPU costs a couple of thousand dollars
who in their right mind is spending double that amount on the chair you sit in while you use it?
Oh wait, I know. It's us. It's literally our job to buy
outlandish stuff like this and show you guys what it's all about.
So with a little help from our sponsor Epomaker, a team of gamers, engineers, and designers who are dedicated to bringing high-quality,
customizable mechanical keyboards to the community at affordable prices.
We'll take a closer look at their RT100 keyboard a little bit in this later.
We have finally put the Cluven's Scorpion computer cockpit to the test.
and found some unexpected conclusions, but before we get to those let's
rewind a little bit.
After a 10 to 32 day wait for shipping this is what arrived in my driveway, or
to be more specific at the curb at the end of my driveway.
Luckily no one stole it, so let's get it inside and take a look
We're gonna have a link in the video description if you guys can't wait to follow my example and blow your own money on one of these.
Oh.
But I'm not at the stage yet where I think I'm ready to recommend it.
This is far from the lightest chair that we've ever looked at coming in at a whopping
200 kilograms of shipping weight.
To their credit, this is one of the most user-friendly packing crates. I think I've ever seen.
Wow!
That is smaller than I expected.
Say what you will about the size you can't fault the robustness of it.
Come on you-
I wonder what percentage of the injury report forms are me.
How the devil are you supposed to move this thing?
Dude, there's a lot of pieces in here
I thought you said the assembly was supposed to be straightforward?
Their assembly video’s only three minutes long, it can’t be that hard.
How many legs the Scorpions have?
When I have this chair my gaming will have no lags.
Whoa!
Now it reaches its full magnificent height.
That's just mostly packaging.
That's not packaging.
Oh sick! Look at these lights.
Okay, I got an arm.
Oh it opens up.
I’m just trying to picture the person whose house you walk into and this is in their living room, you know?
It sends a message
What's the message Jordan?
Nothing good.
This is the bubble wrap output of a small nation.
That's quality foam. Oh, sorry, sorry. Oh, oh.
How do you like me now, ladies?
Yeah, you can, no, no, you can, this is what, it's movable, it's movable.
Thanks Colin, but I think I got it.
Oh, I think I crushed those cables.
Got the instructions up, but before we start them I just gotta say
where's your tracksuit, buddy?
The form’s impeccable, but you got to get the stripes.
This is the Scorpion’s decorative foot.
Also a weapon.
Its only contribution is to be a tripping hazard.
It's Law and Order.
That one got me, all right.
Aw it’s gross, the cable’s white.
I know right, but it's the one white thing on it.
It comes in white too, and gold. Really?
And gold? Yeah.
Okay that- Ohh.
Oh that's awesome.
Oh that-
That's pretty cool.
Next up is our arm with the controls for the scorpion tail and the seat on it.
I don't know what any of these buttons do and they're not labeled
but this seems like a good time to tell you guys the whole thing is made out of powder coated steel
with PU leather over what seems to be a really high quality foam.
It has built-in RGB lighting.
Pre-installed 5 meter cables, ours came with three HDMIs and two DisplayPorts,
and barely 160 degrees of adjustment on the chair seat itself
That's about five degrees.
Will my wife get the insurance if I die in this thing?
That would be active scorpion, I don't know if that counts.
You ready?
Oh there's the other arm.
Now that's funny, the RGB remote is just one of those wireless RGB remotes
but just embedded in the side of it.
There we go.
All right.
Being able to adjust this forward and back would be good.
Oh, no wait. Oh it does move.
Oh look at, oh wow, look at that!
It has all the adjustment
Since we're talking about this arm. I want to look at the RGB control.
This is flipping cool.
You just touch anywhere on the wheel, and then it's that color.
We went with the three monitor mount. We've got three of these Gigabyte M27U gaming monitors.
They'll do up to 160 Hertz 4K, they’re VESA HDR 600 certified and come with HDMI 2.1
and the reason we cared about that was because we initially thought this didn't come with any DisplayPort pre-wired
but it turns out it did so-
They've spent money on things that matter like the motors feel good. They feel smooth.
It's reassuring as you're moving it around.
The build quality is obviously a little on the industrial side, you know.
It's welded steel. What do you want?
How are we gonna get power to the monitors?
There was a power bar up there I think.
Yes, there is in fact a power bar in there.
All we got to do is remove these three screws and we get access to it.
Only three outlets but there's a five monitor mount.
There are such thing as C13, you know, Y splitters and whatever just-
Okay, we found an oversight.
Is this how the RGB is mounted?
Yeah, I guess it doesn't matter
We'll adjust them in and out afterwards. Yeah, not much in the way of other adjustments though, hey?
Not so much.
You just gotta hope they kind of balance I think. Yeah.
Oh how's the clearance on that?
Not amazing. Cool.
So we need to put it sideways in order to-
Which is fine because now it's just like the RGB strip. Exactly.
I'm not sure what the plan is for cable management here.
LTT cable arches to the rescue. There we go.
Oh, that's pretty good. That's pretty darn good.
Now obviously for a gaming battle station so magnificent. We're gonna need a pretty magnificent computer. So we've done with the-
What's that Colin? What is it 7800X3D and a 4090?
I'm just guessing. Oh it is. Oh great.
Realistically which cables you hook up to your monitors
is gonna come down to what IO you have on your graphics card more than anything else.
I didn't look at this before we started. So I guess I'm using a DP to HDMI adapter.
Should we see if we got these monitor cables right?
Did we just blow a fuse?
Wait, we don't even need the power bar
There's another power bar behind another access hatch built into the chair.
Ow, ow, oh.
Do they seriously have the top power bar plugged into this power bar?
And it's not like it's a high current application or anything.
Check this out, the scorpion claws open.
What? No way!
If you have a little kid or a pet and you just really wanted them to not have eyes
then you just leave these open.
That's great. It's dangerous. Just like a real scorpion.
I've got a plan for us to teamwork this Jordan if you can operate the dials
I'll keep an eye on the cables here and Colin you keep an eye on the cables at the back and if you see any
and if you see any problem, just say something.
Oh.
Wait.
There's not even a problem, Colin, for crying out loud, okay.
Jordan, I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little sketched out about lying in this thing.
How's your insurance?
Good.
But the thing about insurance is I'm not the one who gets the payout.
You always say monetize your death.
It seems like they've done a pretty good job of keeping the length of the cable travels the same regardless.
This should address the monitor, but that whole thing where the whole thing shifted is a little sketchy.
I mean, I'm not getting into it, what do I care?
Why are you not getting into it?
I’m over the weight limit.
Oh.
That's a thing you encounter sometimes with Asian design
in the North American market you saw the whole thing with Nintendo theme park?
Yeah, were like
the average American male like couldn't go in one of the rides or something like that.
Before we get in,
we didn't have any issues with the cables while we were moving the chair
but that's not necessarily a given forever based on that
these are just kind of hanging loose and there seemed to be some things in here that they could get caught on.
The good news is I think we figured out how to get into it.
No problem.
Oh we haven't talked about our peripherals yet.
This is Epomaker's RT100 mechanical keyboard the gasket mounted design is both quiet and comfortable.
While it's 97 keyed layout offers a compact form-factor without having to give up a dedicated number pad or media controls.
That's in no small part. Thanks to the multi-function media control knob.
It's got USB C, Bluetooth 5.0, and 2.4 gigahertz wireless connectivity
meaning you can connect to your PC or Mac or I mean, whatever. It's Bluetooth, right?
However you prefer, and hidden in the storage bay for the 2.4 gigahertz receiver is the connector for the smart mini display.
A programmable smart display that shows essential system and real-world data right out of the box and
just like the south facing RGB lighting on every key is customizable to suit your preferences.
We'll get more hands-on with the RT100 in a minute
but first you need to get some games loaded on this thing.
Oh, shoot. I never checked if I plugged in the right things.
Well, this one's got a signal.
What are the odds I got only one of three?
No question, if the goal is to find the chair that makes you feel like an absolute boss
Your journey's over.
These monitors look great though.
Man 4K is sharp at this distance.
The kind of setup that just puts a smile on your face, you know?
There are some issues, at my height exactly, the monitors are in the right spot when the angle is right
and there’s not really a ton of adjustment on these things.
Also, I'm already noticing that when I move the mouse and type on the keyboard, there's a little bit of
Wiggle wobble.
Now we got this working. Holy crap.
Think the best thing I can say about the chair right now
is I kind of forgot I was sitting in it.
And I really do mean that in a good way
the worst chair is the one that you think about while you're inside it.
Jordan. What's up?
Remember how we adjusted the angle of this display just right?
Well now- Yeah? It's pointed up this way.
Oh.
So the fact that I have no on-the-fly adjustment means that
unless I had a fourth motor right here in this one, which we checked, we don't.
I have no way of
adjusting this angle after the fact.
Well, my keyboard and mouse- Oh, no, okay, it comes in a little bit. The angle is a little funky
The benefit of that is that it doesn't tip towards you like on some of these that I've seen in the past
The disadvantage is that your arms are like this.
Widescreen gaming forum still thing?
I got to give some credit to the RT 100 here sponsored or not
It's a little narrower which objectively creates more mousing space in a scenario like this
but unlike a tenkeyless if I wanted to use this for work as well, and I needed a number pad
everything's there. It's good to go.
We're gonna switch over to Forza, which definitely supports- okay.
That we can fix, the ergonomics of the cup holder on the other hand.
Okay
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
If I wanted to hold a controller here,
to get this completely out of the way
going over my legs like that.
And then now it’s so far away that if I do need it for something to navigate a menu or
cause I got an email, I gotta
drag it way back over here.
In fairness to Cluvens,
I haven’t seen good solutions to most of these problems.
So the question in my mind isn't so much
Should you buy the Cluven Scorpion if you're shopping for one of these chairs as it is
should you even be considering one of these chairs because I've yet to use one that even for free I would consider putting in my house.
Obviously people are buying them though, or they wouldn't exist which if you think about it is kind of a good thing.
The immersiveness is great. So whatever my feelings are about these things
Obviously they exist which means obviously people are buying them and finding ways to work around some of the challenges be they
Ergonomic or be they practical like one of the things we noticed is if you're not using headphones
You probably don't have a really great way to handle audio.
I don't know about speakers mounted to the edge of these monitors. They're kind of
wobbly enough as it is.
With that said I think Cluvens has got the most usable package I’ve seen so far.
So maybe it's time to get some impressions from the other members of the team.
Let's see who wants to swap out their existing station for this.
How do you get in Jordan? Well, that's for you to figure out.
I feel like I'm in a dentist chair. Oh, that's the whole back. Oh, wow.
This keyboard’s got a little screen on it. It's kind of cute. What can you put on the screen?
It'll do like your
temperatures, your CPU use, whether you can put the animations and stuff with logo is.
So I can put memes? You can put memes on it.
Hell yeah.
I'm actually kind of shocked at how comfortable this is
I thought this would be a lot weirder and not as enjoyable. I could play in this all day.
But would you buy it? Well, how much does just the chair cost? I don't need the whole setup
The chair is $28.99 US plus shipping. I think that's totally reasonable. I would enjoy movies in this I think
And would you replace your workstation?
Oh yeah, easily. Oh, are you kidding me? Is that an actual option? We get to keep it.
Yeah
Okay that’s not cool.
Like cut my Achilles tendon.
Yeah, we're gaming now. It feels a little cramped to be honest.
I feel like it's a little
It's a little tilted. Yeah, it's a little crooked.
I have the go button all the way over there.
This is not the chairs fault the chair is actually pretty comfortable.
You really want to recline it or else your wrists kind of feel like they're getting a little cramped.
Would you pay for the chair yourself? I don't think I'd want to pay for this myself
Would you want it as your workstation? Oh, no, I'm good.
Wow pinnacle of luxury, hey?
I don't even know what to say. It's really unique.
I am really concerned though
about how close we are to the monitor.
Because I think after like eight hours of a workday or playing or gaming all night
it's gonna be pretty difficult.
Even my field of view can't even go from edge to edge
so I feel like I'm not getting the the most advantage out of it.
But super comfortable to be honest with you. I really like it. Could you imagine if I brought this home to my wife?
She would be so upset.
If I didn't care about budget and had the space for it, for sure. I'd probably rock it. Would I buy it?
Sure. Yeah, I'd do it
And would you use it as your workstation here?
Oh definitely. Oh, yeah.
This is unexpected.
We have not one but two members of the team who would like to daily drive the Scorpion and the only fair way to
settle this I think is
RPS.
Rock-paper-scissors best two out of three. Okay, ready and go!
Oh you want me to do the whole- you want me to do all the work for you. Rock-paper-scissors shoot!
Shoot.
Shoot. Shoot.
Oh, oh, we got one win.
Hit one!
No!
Rock-paper-scissors shoot!
Yes! Oh it’s one-one!
Rock-paper-scissors, shoot!
There it is!
Now we have to haul it upstairs.
That's his problem. Not ours. Oh good. What?
No, we can get him some help. We'll get him some.
Elijah, we'll get you help. All right. I always need help.
Are you serious? I actually have to?
Well, yeah, you said you wanted it.
I thought it was more of just like a theoretical, but I’m still down.
Okay, maybe we'll do a Floatplane exclusive with Elijah's long-term impressions actually living with this thing day-to-day.
Oh that's, oh yeah, I’m actually really excited.
And I'm excited to tell you about our sponsor, oh wait, I already told you about our sponsor, this keyboards pretty sick.
Yeah, check it out. We're gonna have a link down below.
If you guys enjoyed this video, why not check out the last one we got which was kind of like this concept but no motors.